greetings people of the internet and
welcome to this week's ipfs
documentation and user experience task
force meeting today as Monday the 16th
of September 2019 and I am your
unofficial official host being attacked
by flies because I'm working outside
Jessica you can follow along in the
notes that are available every week
links to all of the above are available
in the docs repo github.com slash ipfs
slash Docs so we will just start I think
at this point we don't have anything
outstanding as far as I am aware other
than the usual recurring items is there
anything that I have missed from all
y'all though that is not in the
recurring items all right excellent
I shall then believe that from the
agenda the content audits okay are we're
actually going to call this okay are
done last week Eric and I wrapped up
consolidating the content inventory last
week captured all of that and github
issues which is great so the this
exercise is more or less done that said
we will dig deeper into that content
wise in q4 pending the onboarding of our
new documentation specialist dinner with
the docs platform features inventory the
second item on the agenda that is
finished there's a link to the features
inventory in the in the agenda the one
note on that is that we want to discuss
how we're prioritizing ipfs hosting and
fetching in more detail there is an
issue in the github board open for that
that we just need to we need to devote a
more detailed discussions the best way
to solve that Doc's platform tech stack
and framework okay are chris is on
holiday until I think the 25th I believe
he did however stand up a doc I saw as
proof of concept before he left he'll do
the same for you press when he returns
we all got spring
very interesting interesting exercise
and I'm looking forward to seeing his
his Asin had to head comparison of
darkest ores versus if you press moving
along to the okay are to hire our new
documentation specialist we're getting
close we are doing some internal
discussions this week about the
available strong candidates visa V the
ipfs rule that we've got and then also
the sort of analogous file coin role so
watch this space again want to be
conscious that we're on a public call
and went to respect their candidates
privacy so if you have any if you want
to catch up with me individually please
feel free we'll be happy to talk through
any of that because things are looking
very optimistic moving on to the gold
based persona we had three really Eric
and I had three really useful
conversations with engaged partners this
week audience query and textile really
interesting conversations sounds like
we're for the most part going in the
right direction with the personas but
there were some very interesting caveats
and additional thoughts on that my job
this week is to consolidate those amend
the persona accordingly add some notes
to like best practices for use of the
persona and then ship it which in this
case means making it publicly available
at the top of our repo and in a few
other places the okay our item for
tactical hotfix is weird approximately
20 hot fixes for the quarter so far and
that's just stuff that we've noted on
with the okay our hot fix label um in
the docs repo so you know if you want to
attract and see exactly what got done
just do search by label for okay our hot
fixes we've got I think something like
we've got something like another 30 hot
fixes queued up so I mean we haven't we
have an endless pool of hot fixes that
we can choose from so that's just the
reminder that you know if you find
yourself with a little bit of free time
I want some bite-sized products to
nibble on those exist which is excellent
the plan for that because the hot fixes
you know obviously you're going to be an
ongoing an ongoing thing with how we're
reconciling q3 and q4 okay ours and once
we transition into key
for I'll go ahead and relayed all those
existing issues against a queue for
hotfix ethics so that we can track those
better Molly you might be useful
something that some other areas have
done is to have a priority label just
for especially when there's kind of a
number of incoming tasks and you're like
I don't know which one of these twelve
things to pick up useful so I don't know
if that's nothing gonna do like at the
beginning of q4 given we have a backlog
queued up I know that as they've been
coming in maybe it was hard to
prioritize but now that there are I set
we can make sure my focus yeah there's I
mean there's there is some sort of a
Demark prioritization being done on
these just because we've been a small
team with that at this point we've been
able to we've been able to sort of
discuss that between us is the idea of
things that are easy versus things that
are important that said ones that are
particularly ripe for community
contribution have also been noted as
such as Help Wanted those are generally
some of the more bite-sized or more
entry point sort of issues but we we can
definitely look into whether it's gonna
be advantageous to prioritize those I
mean we've had a pretty a pretty good
internal sense at this point although
that said once once we bring out no new
Docs person we're probably going to want
there and put in that as well so alright
did you have you gonna say something
okay so the front page quiz okay are you
we're continuing to collect metrics will
take further steps from Chris's back
from holiday we did also get I didn't
note this in the agenda but I will but
we did also get our first in our first
community note in the forums on the
forum issue that we've sent people
through to to introduce themselves and
their motives for using IP FS so so that
was cool um I have it on my things to do
to write back to at least say hello and
thank you to that person today but it's
nice to know that that funnel is being
utilized and you know we have been
keeping an eye on the metrics but we're
just trying to accumulate to get to get
enough numbers in there to figure out
what our next steps are produce cool
stuff Terry and Joe do you want
talk through things sure so one of the
biggest things were still working on for
Preta school is reviewing camp content
to see what we can adjust into protocol
format so as kind of related to that
camp content review I drafted a blog
post for the course video release that
will hopefully happen later this week so
there's a link to a PR for that for
anyone who likes proof um and then I
posted links here to first drafts of q3
okay our scoring and q4 okay our draft
both of what you're so kind of works in
progress I think you ain't no scoring
I've put some kind of question marks on
the ones that there's like some chance
we'll push a little further than where
we are before the end of this quarter
but um the biggest thing we'll do on
that front in the time that we have left
for me will be camp content and for Jill
after you know more onboarding stuff
would be trying to start the tutorial on
the non em FS Files command so those are
gonna be the highlights if we can get to
any more of it but I'm only here next
week and then I'm out for offline camp
and then one question that maybe is for
Molly
I remember hearing on a call recently
that the deadline for the scoring is the
end of this week I think but I wasn't
positive on the deadline for the q4
dress is that set yeah so um very good
question it would your your point on
this is literally reminding me that I
was supposed to create the github issue
where it collects all of our stuff and
we can post our updates as well um I
think the aim for scoring we should try
and get that done like last last time to
get bettin would be around the 20th so
the end of this week and then aim for
the 27th for having drafts of all of our
and q4 grades and but it's gonna be also
kind of like meta overarching doc trying
to prioritize across groups as well and
that you should have done by Friday of
this week and to share out with everyone
as well so that people can use that to
how
with the cross coordination side though
I think every group kind of has a decent
idea of the main the main priorities
within and its might just just help be
kind of a top-level view into how things
interconnect with each other
Gotenks this Friday grading next Friday
new ok ours and bringing that to our
team we have our internal ok ours yet we
had our discussion amongst the smaller
team last week just keeping that in mind
I know that we all wanted to give
another sort of small heap of thought to
what was in our okay our document I
would ask that we all look over the
scoring and next quarters okay ours by
Thursday and we can have a quick
discussion about that on Thursday I'm a
link to that in the agenda to the draft
okay ours and then I did just add at the
top of the agenda notes on folks as
absences because I'm going to be away
hopefully as much as I can be for the
first week of October for a family visit
I will try to attend the meetings for
which I am important important Terry do
you mind noting your dates of absence in
that as well okay awesome awesome
we seem to be highly efficient today it
is only 13 minutes past the hour does
anyone else have anything that we want
to discuss are there any of the items we
blazed through that need further
discussion we could use this time
together to discuss them we went through
we have a lot of discussion as the core
team last week when Eric and I were
co-working and I think we actually
knocked a whole lot of active discussion
out during that time which may explain
why we're being so incredibly efficient
today we had some very very good
discussion around okay our own features
prioritization that actually took a very
long very long time so thank you
everybody for spending the time on that
but unless anything substantial has
changed I think we're fairly caught up
other than just the request for all of
us individually to give some thought to
that okay are so we can pin those down
on Thursday
hello Dawid I think yeah I just like how
they appear to listen we didn't know
when to interrupt or anything
setting my title to defeat the two of us
on one call would people be interested
in looking at the first draft of the
proto school okay our 610 kind of beyond
Docs I don't know if you liked about
that yeah since we're all we're all in
the room and we've got the time we may
as well do you want to share your screen
i define Docs as education so i think
they fall under that rubric these are
kind of rough but i think most of you
have seen that we have sort of four
overarching goals that we kind of stick
with here and then come up with the
categories underneath so the first one
is the content that's available on site
so the most important thing which will
be a carryover from q3 is figuring out
where we can hit ipfs camp content like
the plan for that and then actually
applying that so we would be creating
either brand new tutorials or adjusting
current tutorials with more interesting
diagrams illustration in this
description is etc based on the camp
content and then we have this
outstanding one here which presuming we
don't finish it quite this quarter I'm
adding the tutorial on the nan and the
fest methods for files and then we have
an outstanding one to split there's a
nom
I'm coding one that we have right now is
kind of confusingly mixing a couple of
topics in a way that's not clear what
the point isn't mixing them so
separating that one out so those are the
key things that we envision for the
content and obviously this will take
shits shape from that exploration of
camp content and then the next section
is kind of learner experience user
experience so this is a lot of that like
how stuff works under the hood or what
they with the user sees so I need to
finish up the documentation for like
designing effective tutorials we already
have a lot of very detailed content on
building them in view but not on what
makes for a good tutorial so that's
super top priority because it's going to
allow for more contributions from the
community we do have at least one person
who has expressed an interest in
building content which is awesome um we
wanted like put a little pause on and
review other online coding tutorial
platforms just in case there's something
out there that would be a good fit for
us so that if we want to do something
else instead of continuing to build out
our own that we know sooner and move
over sooner and one thing that comes out
of camp content is that there's that
cool CID inspector available now that
was demonstrated in Alan's course that
could be neat if the results of your
tutorial is the CID that you can push a
button and see it in the CID inspector
to see like what kind of hash it is and
those kinds of things that would be a
fun just little UX tweak that would add
another tool and this one I think I'm
actually gonna cut because I don't think
we have the technical knowledge to do it
and it would require leaning a lot more
heavily on the Lib p2p team and but that
would something that would allow us to
do the kind of validation we do under
the hood with ipfs for limb p2p so that
you could produce my wordplay I don't
think our team is in a place where we
have the right skill sets to do that and
and these are two suggestions that came
from Andrew that are both great and I
think won't be too hard to implement so
now that we can tell that you've
completed every single lesson in a
tutorial we can set something up so that
when you have finished a whole tutorial
you can
their savior saved the completed code
because the last lesson in the tutorial
is basically all of the lessons adding
up to you we could save as adjust the
code from the successful code from the
last one and then we could also do
something that's like starting a tweet
to promote the fact that you just simply
do the tutorial just a couple of things
that would be a little more like
publicity or integration with different
things not incredibly important but nice
tweets to have yeah go ahead my saving
code as it just is genius
as someone who has literally used
protocol tutorials is like how do I do
that command again like I'm not actually
using it for documentation because I
want to understand it but then I do want
to like reuse that going forward um
letting people kind of like hold onto
that and save it somewhere that's genius
really and so that's that's the stuff on
this sort of user experience kind of
front um which is none of it is like
ginormously time consuming in theory but
lots of little cool things to pick off
and then that's the place where we end
up getting a lot of feedback throughout
both content and UX are things where we
end up getting a lot of feedback as we
go along that we need to respond here on
the chapter section
I feel same only that a lot of this is
based on the issue that you opens that I
responded to so we have this struggle
because there's not enough content for
our chapter leaders to do what we want
them to which is why i've been
intentionally prioritizing building
content over doing more on the chapter
front or pulling in more chapters you
nurse but something we do want to do is
make sure that we're documenting kind of
best practices for facilitating protocol
tutorials so there's a specific request
which is to create documentation that
helps you like lead a tutorial live
whether or not you're a chapter leader
and this came from molly thinking about
folks who might be at a conference a
third party event don't run a chapter
but want it to feel manageable to lead
one of these in person and
and then as always we're trying to build
the number of chapters that we have
around the world but there are some
other things here in terms of creating
kind of sharing slide deck templates
some of them like an intro divestiture
that lists or that the other maybe
making kind of facilitation guides for
the specific tutorials that exists that
are a little bit of extra material
around them and then I'm still working
on creating some more specific guidance
to avoid some common misperceptions
about what it means to leadership there
I think realistically I need to weed
lean on chapter leaders to get some of
this out the door so Dan and Kevin are
going to volunteer to do some of this
but the schedule will be dependable so I
hope that some of these things we can
knock out in q4 but I can't guarantee
quite one yet and we're waiting for them
to come in on that issue myself that's
the chapter in leadership stuff that we
have planned and which this these last
two sections the top two sections
involve Joe and I both and the bottom
sections are kind of me driving them
then the bottom one is just some stuff
some ongoing stuff to think about what's
the future of the project what - yeah
capacity support do we need that kind of
stuff whether we want to start a blog
yes yes these are awesome
do you mind posting a link to this issue
or this PR in the hackin d where we have
been putting together our draft key for
openers or that's just for cross-linking
so people combine this yes I thought I
had but maybe I haven't so I can do that
yes so much any other questions
suggestions Emily I'm going to one of
the places where we're not that list of
issues came from was going to web 3 and
talking to a number of chapter
organizers and sitting in on like
watching people give proto school
tutorials which was super awesome and
and like being able to synthesize I gave
you back I did not come up with it I I
copied it down from what other folks
told me and but they were really
good recommendations and so definitely
um I'm claims you go to DEFCON as part
of meeting with other folks in IBM s
ecosystem in a month and so I expect if
there are more things that we
specifically want to get people's
feedback on we're gonna have kind of a
captive group together we are planning
to do some more protocol tutorials and a
couple of different meetups and it would
be awesome if there was something that
we could like it's like the very
beginning of October it so it doesn't
make any sense to like assume they we're
gonna have something done from an OPR
perspective but if there's anything that
we want to grab people's feedback on or
we want to get the local chapter
organizers together to like helping some
of these out that might be a really good
opportunity just because people are
gonna be like mindset on in terms of hey
I literally just tried leading a
protocol chapter here all the things
that it would help me try and do this
better or you know I saw here and I read
this entire thing that everyone was
reading at the same time I wish there
was something I could read that is not
just reading the thing that everyone's
looking at or something like that that
would kind of help give you a feedback
loop from those people that are gonna be
on site
Jessica um and ditto with um and and you
may have already talked to Dan shields
about this but it sounds like we're
still gonna be able to do the in-person
meetup in Boulder on the 15 16th of
October whatever that Wednesday is and
so so it's going to be under the
auspices of an IP FS meetup and Dan is
going to lead a pretty school tutorial
for the evening discussion in some ways
this is sort of intended as a
scaffolding to do some UX discussion
during the day the plan is to let people
hang out at this super awesome
co-working space in Boulder for the day
in exchange for also attending an
evening which gives me the chance to do
some UX work um that said let me know as
the day gets closer what you want me to
specifically like take notes on because
I'm not going to be leading the evening
Meetup that's going to be Dan and so I
can I can definitely be the person in
the corner who's just sort of hanging
out watching how this goes down and
taking some notes so just let that right
in your mind assuming it's not it's not
100% definite that this is even gonna
happen yet but it's sounding pretty good
cool thank you sorry I realized I'm not
needed this is this little area that you
can do clouds in is outside the bathroom
so they in the hand tires and you
probably hear you probably hear my my
boyfriend who has a musical instrument
lesson in the background so if you hear
someone practicing an instrument sorry
about that
all right I think we've actually been
horrendously efficient probably
everybody had a very very good weekend
we have another meeting in five minutes
so let's all disband and get ready for
our next meeting in five minutes I shall
see all y'all on the internet you know
where to find us those of you in the
outside world who may be watching please
stay stay in touch with us you know you
know where to find us and you know how
to contact us and we look forward to
participating with you as we make the
docs an amazing and wonderful thing
thanks I'll see you next time